# DOTWEBPART4
================

DOTWEBPART4  is  invented  by  wilmix jemin  j in DOTWEB p.l in year  2016.




DOTWEB-JWEB2.0
==============

DOTWEB-JWEB2.0 is JWEB part2 invented by wilmix jemin j at JDollarWEB P.L at year 2016

DOTWEB-JWEB2.0

DOTWEB-JWEB2.0 is about JWEB part2 of JWEB Programming Language invented by wilmix jemin j at year 2016.

JWEB has userfriendly framework called as

JAUF.

and it has latest frameworks like

JC , Jeb, JShell, JSync, ODollar, Oplus,

WHTML, Petal, VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.

JWEB use all these Latest P.L

for mobile and P.L like

DOTWEB-JSAUCER with DOTWEB-JWEB2.0. SO DOTWEB-JWEB2.0 is called as

a "DOTWEB SHY  Programming Language".

Differences Between DOTWEB-JWEB and JSAUCER

when to use?

1) JWEB is used and it permits it's latest

Frameworks and other native P.L like

C++, .Net, etc.

Hence we call JWEB as an Interactive P.L.

2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only

with mobile remotewebapplication with

mobile phones like Android.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge

with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to JWEB part2 or interact with JWEB

with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEWeb -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in American It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of JWEB to eliminate JWEB demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with JWEB.

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, WEB professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with JWEB and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with JWEB.

17) UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on WEB used in American and U.k sector.

18) EWEB-W@ => It is  an european  Programming Language  based  on  JWEB used in  EUROPE  SECTOR.

18) AWEB-AJDOLLAR => It is  an european  Programming Language  based  on  JWEB used in  ASIAN  SECTOR.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in JWEB.

19) JWebREmote => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L for creating remoteserver.

20) JWebJSLASH => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L

21) SAP =>interaction with sap P.L

22) PHY=> Interaction with phython P.L.

23)DOTWEB-JWEB2 Advanced Business

DOTWEB-JWEB2 is focused on interaction with JSWORD.


Note: Here we use only DOTWEB.exe and DOTWEB-JDollar .dll
